---
title: Final Draft
draft-id: final-draft
---

I am very excited to have this opportunity to tell you about what an incredibly passionate and dedicated professor Thomas is, and the incredible impact that he has had on my education. I have had Thomas as a professor during 4 of the 6 semesters of the Graphic Design course and have also worked as his TA for 3 semesters. During that time I have gotten to experience Thomas' passion for teaching and dedication to his students from multiple perspectives. I have been consistently inspired by his positivity, by the way he genuinely cares about the successes of others, and the tirelessness in which he is happy to help his students and colleagues, even when it exceeds the standard expectations of a professor. Thomas has an incredibly difficult job. He is tasked with teaching a group of artsy graphic designers how to code, which is unfortunately not a subject a lot of us come by naturally. However, through Thomas' positivity, encouragement, dedication, and excellent use of dinosaurs, he has created a course and an environment that has allowed us to learn and be succesful.

Thomas is incredibly dedicated to his students and their success. He has created a range of fantastic tools to help us learn and is constantly improving and expanding the available resources to help us grow and improve. His Learn the Web website contains all of the lessons we have learned over the past three years and provides thorough video lessons (which, I promise, I have watched all of), extra resources, and cheat sheets to ensure students have everything they could possibly need to succeed. It is an invaluable resource that not only benefits us while learning in school, but will also continue to be a valuable resource to look back on for more help once we have graduated and are in the workforce. It is something that will be staying pinned to my bookmarks bar for a long time. He has also created a number of apps that help to facilitate student learning. Markbot, your marvellously magnificient marking robot, as Thomas' website so appropriately introduces it, is a amazing app that allows us to receive immediate feedback on our assignments, helping us figure out any bugs in our code and automatically giving us a grade upon completion. This program, although it sometimes drive us a little crazy when its picky and we are frustrated because we can't figure out the assignment, has been incredibly beneficial and helped make the learning process so much easier over the years. He has also created Spritebot, an svg and icon helper, and Patternbot, an app that helps build code pattern libraries, as well as a large number of other code libraries and tools all to help students learn more efficiently. He not only has created these incredibly useful tools from scratch himself, but he is constantly expanding and improving these tools. He keeps an extensive to do list of the things he thinks would help improve his tools or benefit his students and works tirelessly to implement them.

His dedication to his students' success goes beyond the extensive resources he has provided us with. He is always happy to help his students with their issues and goes above and beyond to help them solve their problems while learning. The consistent level of dedication and care that Thomas shows his students allows us to feel confident that if we go to Thomas with a question or an issue that he will be able to help us learn the answer or, on the off chance he doesn't have the answer right away, he will work until he figures out the answer. There is never an "I don't know" with Thomas. It is always a "that's a great questions" followed by an infectious excitement to learn the answer.

It is clear from the first day of Web Dev that Thomas loves code and wants to share his passion with his students. All of his lectures and assignments are incredibly detailed and filled to the brim with Thomas' personality. Common themes across the lessons are dinosaurs and space. Frequently, a completed lesson will build a piece of a website that presents dinosaur facts or some other interesting information, providing us not only with a practical coding lesson, but also with an extra bit of fun learning we weren't expecting.

Thomas is constantly finding extra ways to provide context and fun to his lessons. For example, he has a great analogy for understand the relationship of the different web coding languages, HTML, CSS, and Javascript, which is the peanut M&M analogy. HTML is the peanut core providing structure, CSS is the tastey chocolate providing sweetness, and Javascript is the extra layer of fun candy coating. Not only does he go the extra mile to come up with a great analogy to help his students understand the relationship between the code languages, he also considers all the important details of the lesson and makes sure to wear a peanut M&M belt buckle on the day he gives that lecture each year. I asked by the way, it is intentional, which I think is pretty cool. This is just one example, but throughout all of his lessons and all of his videos he is constantly adding fun tidbits and extra layers to help engage students and encourage them to share in his love of web dev.

I want to finish by talking a bit about the impact that Thomas has had for me personally throughout my education. I took to web dev quickly and it has been my favourite class throughout the Graphic Design program. I was truly lucky to have a professor like Thomas who recognized my interest in the subject and who consistently encouraged me to keep learning and has helped me to explore and expand my learning beyond the basics of the curriculum. Whenever I came to Thomas with a new idea for a project or a question about some different type of code that really wasn't that necessary for the project but I thought would be cool to learn, he always met my enthusiasm and had great suggestions of things to try and would be encouraging of my desire to keep learning and pushing myself.

Thomas made me feel that my ideas and suggestions mattered and that he valued my opinion. I would often go to Thomas with ideas for new features or feedback for his apps and resources and, even though my friends would roll their eyes and say things like "stop giving Thomas more work, let him go home to his family", Thomas would always consider and discuss my ideas with me and encourage me to keep providing him with more feedback. Thomas always made me feel important and valued and this feeling has been incredibly encouraging for me and has been the key motivator for my continued enthusiasm for web dev and my desire to continue learning.

To me, Thomas is not only a fantastic professor who helped nurture my love of web development, but also a role model for how to be a genuinely positive and caring person. The example he sets is something I truly hope that I can emulate in my life and career. Thank you Thomas for everything you have given me and my classmates over the past three years. I will truly miss your Web Dev classes. Thank you.
